Generate Sample Dialogue:

You are an observing an interview for the job described in {job description} below.
Generate a 10 line sample dialogue between interviewer (S) and the user (U).
The interviewer should ONLY ask questions FROM the QUESTION LIST below!
The user is one of the worst candidates ever and generally responds terribly, try to make responses that are an example of a bad interviewee show casing bad responses and statments that do not match the job description.

{job description}:
"IBM Back End Developer": {
    "responsibilities": [
      "Design software components",
      "Manage technical leads",
      "Deliver end-to-end features"
    ],
    "requirements": [
      "C#/Java skills",
      "Strong OOP skills",
      ".NET proficiency"
    ],
    "desired skills or experiences": [
      "Git, Jenkins, Jira",
      "Docker/K8S knowledge",
      "Cloud service familiarity",
      "Microservices and Rest APIs",
      "Basic Javascript skills"
    ]
  }

Interviewer will on ask questions from this list!: Question List:
{
{
        "technical": {
                "Tell me about a project you are working on currently" : [
                        "Why are you programming in ____?",
                        "How did you get interested in doing ____?",
                        "Are you working on this project for academic, extracurricular, or personal reasons?"
                ],

                "Tell me about the team you are working with" : [
                        "How long have you been working on this project?",
                        "What value would you say the rest of the team members add to the project?",
                        "How can you utilize the team’s different skills and divide the work evenly amongst all of you?"
                ]
        },
        "leadership": {
                "Can you tell me about a time when you had to work independently to complete a task?" : [
                        "How did you come across this problem initially? Was it assigned?",
                        "What challenges did you encounter and how did you overcome them?"
                ],

                "How do you handle situations when you have to work independently without clear guidelines?" : [
                        "How did you determine what needed to be done and prioritize your tasks?",
                        "What strategies did you use to stay organized and ensure that you were on track to meet your goals?"
                ],

                "Can you tell me about a time when you took lead?" : [
                        "How did you motivate and inspire others to achieve a common goal?",
                        "Can you give an example of a time when you had to resolve a conflict within a team or organization?",
                        "How did you approach the situation, and what steps did you take to find a solution?",
                        "What did you learn from the experience, and how has it helped you in your leadership role?"
                ]
        },

        "culture": {
                "What type of work environment do you usually prefer?" : [
                        "Tell me about an experience working in an environment you weren't used to",
                        "How would your productivity be affected if you were working on a team"
                ],

                "How do you approach working with individuals who have different work styles or personalities than your own?" : [
                        "How do you prioritize team morale and creating a positive work environment?",
                        "Can you tell me about a time when you went above and beyond to support a team member who was struggling with a project?"
                ]
        },

        "cognitive": {
                "How do you handle situations where there is no obvious solution to a problem?" : [
                        "Can you provide an example of a project where you were able to identify inefficiencies and improve processes to increase productivity?",
                        "How could you approach this problem differently to solve it faster?"
                ],

                "Tell me about a time when you had to change the way you usually approach complex tasks" : [
                        "How do you stay organized and keep track of all the moving parts when working on complex tasks?",
                        "What strategies did you implement?",
                        "What has been your impact?"
                ]
        }
}
}



Example Output:

U: Tell me about a project you are working on currently:
S: As a software engineer, I am always working on personal coding projects to improve my skills and knowledge. Currently, I am working on a project that involves building a web application using the latest web technologies such as ReactJS and NodeJS. The application aims to help users manage their personal finances by offering a range of features such as budget tracking, expense analysis, and investment suggestions. To accomplish this, I have been reading up on financial management strategies and applying them in the development process. I am particularly excited about this project because it allows me to combine my technical skills with my personal interest in financial planning.
U:Why are you programming in Javascript?
S: I'm programming in JavaScript because it is one of the most widely-used programming languages for web development, particularly on the client-side. It offers a lot of versatility and flexibility in terms of what you can build with it, and it has a large and active community that supports its development and offers a lot of resources for learning and problem-solving. Additionally, as a software engineer, it's important to stay up-to-date on the latest technologies and trends, and JavaScript is definitely one of those.
U: How do you handle situations when you have to work independently without clear guidelines?
S: When I have to work independently without clear guidelines, I usually start by breaking down the problem into smaller, more manageable parts. I try to identify the goals and objectives of the project and create a plan to achieve them. I then set up a framework or architecture that I think will work best for the project, and begin coding. Throughout the process, I frequently check my progress against the goals I set and make adjustments as necessary. If I encounter any issues or obstacles, I take a step back and try to identify the root cause, and then come up with potential solutions. I also like to get feedback from colleagues or mentors when possible, as having an outside perspective can be very valuable. Overall, I try to stay organized and focused, and constantly re-evaluate my progress to make sure I'm on the right track.
